hey guys mrs. blow jobs and today I'm
going to be giving you a mighty mugg
review of Optimus broad okay it's all
signed off with the box but I'll go away
because nobody likes this fun so it's in
the name up top this may actually
surprise you but this is Canadian
packaging the name is a sticker I'll
every transformer money bug comes in and
Optimus Prime box so I purposely picked
up Optimus Prime i'll probably pick up
the other ones later but transformers
own money mugler low portrait of Optimus
Prime on the back it says awesomeness is
the right to boss Indian beings shows up
in his prime mega children bumblebee
Starscream Grimlock and sound later now
on the it also says that the product
does not convert this is not like other
transformer toys ok so it's transformers
on them and my mug logo and as much
warnings and stuff yeah that's the box
so I'm gone to the bigger this is a very
cool body mode um unfortunately I got a
plastic head they're probably all
plastic heads but whatever I'll live
with it very awesome design on this they
didn't go for a design like the one in
the movie this is actually design of the
one in the cartoon so there it's it's
very cool nonetheless I think they may
be doing movie ones this summer though
with the new movie cup oh man I got the
hiccups or something with the new movie
coming out soon so yeah early like how
they tried to like they put wheels on
the sides of his legs and
got the windows and the windshield
wipers on his chest and the grill and
it's this very cool very cool money but
like other mighty muggs forgot to
mention this in my ace hedge Ventress of
you he's got a swivel head and swivel
shoulders that's the only three points
of articulation the legs don't move
because well if they moved then he'd be
standing really wanted Lee so but like I
was saying it's very cool design his
weapon it's very unique to he's the only
mighty bug with this weapon which is
very cool I'd say so far probably
transformers is my favorite mighty mugg
line not because of the movie or
anything Star Wars actually my favorite
movie out of the what is it almost five
are no 5 series now but I like the
Transformers money monks because they're
all very like well designed they all
look cool whereas in like the Star Wars
I'm over a couple ones that I just
didn't really like in the same with
marvel I really don't like the jaw line
but whatever its mighty mugg logo milano
peg hole but yes very cool Matty mug so
if you liked this review please
subscribe and put a comment rate of five
stars you know all that jazz yeah
please continue to watch my movies and
whatever it's very cool stuff so click
on my name I got some bong chol reviews
mighty mugg reviews toy reviews all that
stuff so
this very cool mighty mugg picked them
up for fifteen dollars at walmart so you
should be able to get them for ten
dollar so if you live in the states
because in Canada we got the bad luck so
whatever hopefully the Sun our dollar
will rising up so yeah it's all I really
going to say until next time keep
collecting when you collect talk to you
later